It's just that I didn't expect after your achievements
You will swell up and look down on me
So you are trying to give me confidence
You can feel safe.
So he's willing to help me behind my back?
You can put it this way
Baby don't listen to him
He's just making up a story.
What's the matter, you're so good at fooling
Do you really think he is very strong?
Didn't Mr. Wu just say it?
Wu always got up because of him
What Mr. Wu just said
It's not because he has any strength
The background only helps him
Mr. Wu just said
After a few words, he came back to life
Back to the top
Do you think this happened?
Humph alone
Just a few words can make a person worth a trillion
Just a coincidence
Don't let him pretend
This kind of person really doesn't cry without seeing the coffin
husband
Do you want me to send a message to remove the Li Tang family from Yuncheng?
What!
You mean you want to teach us to get rid of the Li Tang family?
Didn't you hear just now?
Lord Zunlong of Kowloon Group would like to say
We, Miss Tang, are goddaughters
And a trillion-dollar investment contract
Once we establish a relationship with the Kowloon Group
You Beidu Jiangjia are reluctant to give up
Don't be delusional
It is impossible for the Kowloon Group to invest trillions in the Tang family
Hahahaha
What do you say?
I said no
But my husband has the final say.
Hmph, your husband is a Li wife.
You can only brag about selling fried noodles on the street